Translation corrections (#133)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_012.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>夏美の母</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Natsumi's mom</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s04/00/310600145", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「もしも家族に累が及ぶようなことになったら…。",

> 			NULL, "\"If the whole family gets in trouble for this...", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"If the whole family is going to get in trouble for this...", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s04/00/310600146", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "その時は夏美、あなたが家族全員の代表として、警察に出頭するの」",
			NULL, " You'll turn yourself into the police on behalf of the whole family, Natsumi.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//夏美の母rvS04/00/310600147.「…あなた、一人で。kvS04/00/310600148.……家族を裏切った罰として、家族のために犠牲になってもらうわ」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>夏美の母</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Natsumi's mom</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s04/00/310600147", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…あなた、一人で。",
			NULL, "\"...All by yourself.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s04/00/310600148", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "……家族を裏切った罰として、家族のために犠牲になってもらうわ」",

> 			NULL, " ......You'll be sacrificed for our family as punishment for betraying us.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ......You'll be sacrificed for the sake of our family, as punishment for betraying us.\"", Line_Normal);
```
